Mention this again
Hey
Okay, this is also what this king thinks
Then let's talk about the fourth one.
Is it over?
Otherwise I won't be with you
Stingy line line line
So let's do it first
Let's make a drinking appointment
Who repents and who is a puppy?
The king is full
Eat it yourself
Look over there.
Faye Wong
Did you quarrel with the prince?
No, why do you say that?
The prince has come out early and returned late these days
I've never seen him enter the trench coat pavilion
I haven't seen you there
Xiao Yuehe
Maybe it's because I'm too busy.
After all, I just took on an errand from Yin in Jingzhao Prefecture
It's fine if he doesn't come back
Find a chance to divorce me
It would be better never to see each other again
Let's go over there
That's Yuan Qingling
Ling Cui, you are Ben Hou's niece
This time, I will definitely take this evil breath for you